(suspenseful music)
(panting)
EMPRESS: Enemy? Bad guys?
"Bad" is an understatement.
The Educational Institution is a cult.
COLONEL: They massacre while claiming
to educate the ignorant masses.
They're insane.
It seems they already found out
about you, Empress.
It's too soon.
Should we fight or flee?
Of course, we should flee.
Oh, geez! Hey, wake up!
(whimpers)
Educational Institution.
Empress went to fight them.
We have to go, too.
MONICA: No way! Why?
We don't have a choice.
Just drive and go after her.
Yes, sir!
Damn it!
("ASEED" by ZAQ playing)
(zooming)
(panting)
(screams)
(gasps)
Please spare me.
-(engine roars)
-(gasps)
-BLACK TRIKE: Yee-haw!
-(thuds)
(whimpers)
What is this?
Please help.
(suspenseful music)
(Black Trike yells)
(gunshots)
(blasts)
(zooming)
(gunshots)
BLACK TRIKE: Night Battle Mode.
Terrain-following radar
by an infrared laser.
We'll automatically avoid obstacles.
(Black Trike grunts)
(engine roaring)
(grunts)
(Monica shrieks)
Shut up and concentrate!
BLACK TRIKE: Take that!
(explosion)
(crashes)
(gunshots)
What? They're running away.
We did it somehow.
We weren't the ones they were after.
Hey, we don't have time to waste here.
What about her?
COLONEL: We'll take her
to the nearest town.
We can't do more than that.
Please.
Please help. Not just me, but everyone.
Please help...
all of them.
(sobbing)
MOMIJI: It's free gauge train rails.
Now they're used exclusively
for military cargo
by the Educational Institution
and Artemis.
No sane person would come near here.
An Educational Institution train
will pass by here soon.
My friends are being transported on it.
We were all orphans from the slums.
MOMIJI: We came under the protection
of the Institution
to hold rituals as priestesses.
They told us they would feed and pay us
if we only do those rituals...
(action music)
SMILEY: Hey, hey, ho.
-(panting)
-(Smiley muttering)
Hey, hey, ho. Done.
(groans)
Ooh.
Excuse me.
What is it?
Our Human Resources Unit reports that
one of the sacrificial girls has escaped.
The rest of them will soon depart
on the armored train.
One girl is missing?
We're tracking her. We won't lose her.
Hmm...
Why do you think I require sacrifices?
I was the one chosen by the Moon Goddess.
Finding a girl befitting one such as me
is very difficult.
That won't stop me from trying.
It is all for the human race.
Yes, sir!
SMILEY: We educate the ignorant masses.
That's why
we're the Educational Institution,
the only organization which takes
the progress of humankind seriously.
Anything that interferes
with that education
must be eliminated
through the use of force.
Summon all forces around the railway
and recapture the girl.
And if recapture is not possible,
you know what to do.
Three hundred kilometers east of here,
there is a facility where the girls
are confined by the Institution.
So you ran away from there?
Not on foot, clearly?
I drove a car part of the way.
But I'm not good at driving.
I crashed the car.
You're asking us to rescue some girls
who are being transported
from one Educational Institution facility
to another? That's crazy.
But I…
(zaps)
(gasps)
Everybody duck!
What the hell?
-Snipers!
-(whimpers)
(tense music)
I won't let you escape again.
DEAD MASTER:
This is how I express my love, Empress.
Black Rock Shooter.
(suspenseful music)
I counted to three from the bullet impact.
I would say it's probably
from about one kilometer away.
How do you know?
High-caliber rifle bullets
are faster than the speed of sound.
So there's a gap between the impact--
BLACK TRIKE: That calculation is wrong.
How is it wrong?
The speed of the bullet at impact
was over five times the speed of sound.
Due to insufficient data,
the enemy's exact position can't be fixed.
But it's clear they're
over five kilometers away.
Five kilometers?
So that can't be an ordinary firearm.
Monica.
Yes, sir?
Stand up for a minute.
What? Is there a good reason I should?
Let them shoot once more
to determine the number of snipers.
I'm not doing that.
I'm not getting up. I don't want to die.
Oh, all right.
-(hissing)
-(gasps)
(gasps)
Tch.
BLACK TRIKE: Here we go!
(Dead Master scoffs)
Looks like we lost them.
COLONEL: There's enough cover here.
They shouldn't be able to get us easily.
Long-range snipers
aren't standard for the Unmanned Forces.
Could it be the Educational Institution?
No. Institution snipers work
with at least teams of four.
Two snipers and two spotters.
They shoot at once, aiming at two targets.
Then...
It could be something else.
Excuse me, about the train…
Huh?
How can you change the subject like that?
Can't you tell we're busy
discussing other things?
I want to help her.
-COLONEL: Keep quiet!
-(whimpers)
That's just not in the cards.
MONICA: About that, Colonel.
What?
MONICA: Actually,
it might just be in the cards.
What?
I've been checking Empress's wound.
It's amazing. I want to lick it all over,
that's how wonderful it is.
Don't lick anything. Get to the point.
Empress absorbs scrap iron
and drone parts,
and accumulates them internally
by high-density compression.
They're used to building her own parts.
Sounds basically like recycling.
MONICA: Yes. The self-regeneration
has already begun.
She heals herself automatically.
But this way takes some time.
There are adaptable biological materials
for the DNA computers
mounted on Hemiteos Units,
including Empress.
You mean if we had those materials,
she'd heal faster?
Without those materials,
it might take days
for her arm to regenerate.
Maybe a week or more.
If we had those biological materials,
future battles would be easier.
Hmm...
How heavily guarded is the train?
Uh...
I was in a rush to get out,
so I'm not sure.
But there were five
or six Educational Institution soldiers.
I think some robots, too.
That's no problem for Empress.
It'll be a cinch.
Biological material from a few robots
would be enough for an arm.
MONICA:
Maybe for some stock material, too.
Mm.
All right. Our purpose will strictly
be to collect biological materials,
but we're going to rescue your friends.
(gasps)
Colonel says he'll help you.
I'm so relieved!
COLONEL: Where are the girls?
In the last car of the train.
First, we need to get close.
Empress, can you fire the Coil Gun?
I can. But with one arm,
it's hard to balance.
That's fine as long as you can fire it.
Anyway, that'll be our first strike.
(suspenseful music)
-What?
-Whoa!
COLONEL: What the hell is that?
There are more guards than we anticipated.
Our game plan won't work.
-I'll fire now.
-Huh?
COLONEL: Wait...
(zapping)
(gasps)
(explosion)
(buzzing)
(zapping)
(weapons firing)
Darn it. We'll have to fight.
Black Trike, I'm counting on you.
BLACK TRIKE: Roger that. Here we go.
(grumbles)
BLACK TRIKE: Take that!
(weapons firing)
(grunting)
(grunts)
(whimpers)
(blasting)
(Colonel grunts)
DEAD MASTER: Oh, Empress.
You belong to me.
I'm the one who will destroy you.
That must be Dead Master.
I see. She was the sniper
who targeted Empress.
Who the hell is she?
COLONEL: She's like Strength.
They used to be on the same side
as Empress in the past.
(grunting)
(zapping)
(grunts)
(groans)
Get out of the way!
(gasps)
(soft grunt)
Empress, I love you. And I hate you.
I'll kill you, then violate you.
I'll violate you, then kill you.
(mutters)
-(blasts)
-(grunts)
I said, out of the way!
(blasts)
Colonel.
Now's the time!
See you later.
Jumping on a train car.
This is the most enjoyable mission ever.
Is this fun for you?
I thought you were strange.
You don't understand sarcasm, do you?
(grunts)
Too close.
I absolutely got this.
-(zaps)
-(blasts)
Hurry up and fix yourself!
-(trilling)
-(gasps)
(grunts)
(buzzing)
This is so great. What a party.
Oh, that was sarcasm.
Yeah, it was.
(gunshots)
(all gasp)
That was the last of them.
(both) Mm.
(panting)
-(door slams open)
-(all whimpering)
Don't be afraid. We've come to rescue you.
Just on the way.
Everyone!
(all gasp)
I'm going to let you out now.
GIRLS: Thank you, Momiji.
-I'm so glad you came to save us.
-(all whimpering)
MOMIJI: Just a minute.
Hm.
Do it.
(toy babies laughing)
(gasps)
(grunts)
(laughing stops)
-(explosion)
-(Colonel screaming)
Whoa!
(splashing)
(somber music)
(groaning)
Empress!
EMPRESS: I...
I... I...
(groaning)
I'm sorry. I...
MONICA: Westward
to the Peacebuilding Force base.
We'll be fine.
It should just be another few hours.
Yeah.
COLONEL: Battling Artemis' Unmanned Forces
is literally hell.
I've been through horrible missions.
I don't care how many
of my soldiers die anymore.
But look at her.
MONICA: She's been sleeping
since we lost the girls.
I didn't think she was this unstable.
It's going to be all right.
She was born to fight.
She's a secret weapon of the human race
thoroughly modified for that purpose.
Black Rock Shooter.
She'll be okay.
I hope so.
Empress.
(chuckles)
(zooming)
("Before the Nightmare"
by Kanako Takatsuki playing)